hello I'm the wads go from
I'm a specialist in oils
organic essentials and I'll get you
show how thanks to oils
essentials soothe a restless child
you know young children and
younger and especially babies
are very often very agitated at night
after busy days it is
often very difficult to calm them down and
I will show you with two formulas
very simple how to appease them so
we will choose oils
essential relaxing
watch out all the essential oils
can not be used at the
young child
we will choose lavender
officinale and we will also take into
organic essential oils of
tangerine so with these two oils
essential I am going first
propose a formula to spread I have here
a broadcaster so it's a broadcaster that
is at the same time air humidifiers
but you can also take a
classic oil diffuser
essential
what is important is to
always take a device that does not
not heat the oils to conserve
all are worth all their virtues
by non-therapeutic and in particular
their relaxing virtues
I will put in this diffuser that
I turn on the water so the broadcaster
turn on and you see the steam
of water that wants to tell me proud air this
diffuser does not heat up in this
diffuser I'm going to put 30 drops
of lavender essential oil
biological officinale and then 30
drops of essential oils
organic tangerine
here you can let it spread
for 15 minutes an hour before the
child's sleep in the room with
these same two essential oils we
can also perform a massage for
massage your baby or your child
baby from 3 months old then you
take a vegetable oil preferably
biological I took there from the core
apricot and I'm going to put in my
bottle of 50 milliliters 1 milliliter of
lavender and a milliliter of mandarin 1
milliliter equals 30 drops of oil
essential lavender
so I count 30 drops of oil
Lavender essential to this
and then I want to put 30
drops of essential oils from
organic tangerine
I redo my bottle
I mix energetically
so you have a massage oil for
relax the young child and the baby to
From 3 months attention this oil
massage contains oil
citrus essential tangerine
so do not use it before
sun exposure wait three
hours before handing over your child or
your baby in the sun vegetable oils from
apricot kernel is a vegetable oil
very penetrating so very nice for
massage your child your baby from
of 3 months you can massage it on the
wind in a counterclockwise direction
a watch on the back on the plant
feet every night where before the
see you soon